h1. Suite

Suite is software for small service based businesses. The workflow in Suite is fairly simple. There are 3 ways one can approach a problem in Suite. From the client, from a ticket, or from a device. Tickets and devices are tied to clients. Clients can belong to other clients (i.e. people inside a company). The clients section is modeled after Apple Address Book. Most of my UI is modeled after the applications that ship with OSX (Address Book, Mail, iTunes).

h3. To-Do

* make login page better
* On the checklist builder make a completed field collapse after you are finished
* add password locked completion to checklists
* lock tickets as open or scheduled until any associated checklists are completed
* be able to create a client from inside a new ticket

h3. Completed

* add ticket listing to client view
* when editing a client, add new email/phone/address buttons don't work
* when editing a client, remove existing email/phone/address buttons don't work
* create a "My Account" page where user can upload an image, change password, etc
* when you go to clients it should give something other than just a blank white page
* make it so you can open a client and send a user invite, to create technicians initially...
* build out the devices section, nothing has really been done there yet
* fix up devices window so it follows suite look
* add device listing to ticket view
* extract the ui css & js so that it can be used elsewhere
* add checklist functionality, including a checklist builder
* sort clients by name
* sort tickets in ALL category by Open, Scheduled, Completed
* add delete to notes on tickets
* add search to clients
* add device type editor to Track Devices
* turn selects into auto-complete boxes for clients
* add search to devices
* fix device show page
* cannot add existing devices to a ticket
* add arbitrary checklists for tickets
* firefox do not load the sidebar under clients
* make it so you can create a ticket from client page, or device page
* add search to tickets
* fix calendar widget on edit/new ticket page
* add user preferences
* add ticket entry detail toggle
* fix add client attributes buttons